Update Starlink_Enterprise.md (#610)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs-connectors: connector/doc/Starlink_Enterprise.md

> [!NOTE]
> **LEGAL NOTE**: This connector (or package) is intended solely for use in production with Skyline's usage-based services model. Any other use is prohibited. For more detailed information, see [Usage-based services](https://aka.dataminer.services/usage-based-services-docs). For inquiries regarding commercial production usage, contact Skyline Sales at <sales@skyline.be>.

> [!TIP]

> > We recommend deploying our **Standard Product Solution** [Starlink Enterprise](https://catalog.dataminer.services/details/66a4c259-0fb1-4c27-aede-8bbd3a4925d0) via the Catalog. This will enable your operations with the complementary low-code app and standard available dashboards.

Reviewer: The phrasing "This will enable your operations" is a bit odd and unusual here. Do I interpret this correctly if I rephrase the paragraph as follows?  
```suggestion
> To optimize your use of this connector, we recommend deploying our **Standard Product Solution** [Starlink Enterprise](https://catalog.dataminer.services/details/66a4c259-0fb1-4c27-aede-8bbd3a4925d0) via the Catalog. This way, you will also be able to use the complementary low-code app and standard available dashboards.
```

Author: sounds good Marieke!
